welcome to Safari this is a new pleasure
boat in the harbor it should appeal to
lots of thrill-seekers
once you come down and you sign on for
the boat you'll get a combination with
speed opportunity to take photographs
and you'll also get a commentary a
little bit of music Chuck Dean which
everybody seems to like
and you'll get to see things in Hong
Kong and never get to see we leave the
number 9 star ferry and then we head out
to Convention Center you think white
crosses a TST along the new Waterfront
links of the old Star Ferry and give a
little talk about the old Kowloon came
from railway but we then go from there
around sir the old Stonecutters Island
which is now the pier like Navy base we
go from there into the main container
area
I started seafaring about two years ago
in 2005 I had the boat shipped over from
the UK it's actually been quite plain
sight and really
doing bitches in Hong Kong is actually
quite easy and there are lots of good
technical people here
help
well there is a speed limit in the
harbor which we adhere to but once we
get out into the more open water we we
open up a bit that's when the springs
really go on
a lot of quotes of nine things to speed
River and the bouncing around and
hanging on for dear life
typical combination it's a good way to
say Hong Kong
my favorite the a set the aim when
everybody stops and I know and I turn
man and there'll be no tell my friends
and things like that so that's the best
part
you